want to make these 3D object animations
like this to make your edits look better
see I'm not a
monster an agent of
chaos let's get
started first open Sketch Feb and search
for what you
like copy these filters to get only free
stuff
now you should download with obj format
so it can work with element 3D if you
can't see um obj format you will have to
download blender to convert them if you
need help with convert join my Discord
server now add a solid
layer add element to the solid
layer now import the model you
downloaded then copy what I'm doing
[Music]
now add the texture the important thing
is base color texture add it to diffuse
you can skip the
[Music]
others now let's make some cool
animations you can add lightning for
better better look it's
[Music]
optional you can copy me or make any
animation you like
[Music]
let's make another animation